uh the secrets to
turbocharging sales in 2021. um like i
said before pablo dominguez
uh with insight we are a venture capital
private equity firm that focuses on
b2b and b2c software scale-ups and
have a really awesome lineup of
panelists today uh
first up uh as introductions uh cordana
vukovic g why don't you introduce
yourself and
as you talk about yourself your role uh
the company and what they all do
i would love you to also share um what
did you want to be when you grow up
and did you ever think you'd have a
career in sales
what a great question um hi everybody
this is uh gordon abush kuricha do go by
g
i am the executive vice president of
global sales and partnerships here at
content stack
we are a modern content management
system what i wanted to be when i grew
up was
actually i wanted to teach people in
third world countries how to um
sustain themselves how to how to make
money basically
so absolutely not planned to be in sales
whatsoever
um and it took a little bit longer route
there too because i started as a
software engineer first
a lot different story but nonetheless
i'm here
today in sales and really enjoying it
and actually found that
i kind of combined my passion for
diplomacy and psychology and technology
and actually in this
sales job so it did all come together
but not planned at all
awesome thank you uh next up brooke
from checkout.com um
so i am head of sales operations at
checkout uh we are based here in london
so i'm dialing in from
dark rainy london right now um but i
hail from the san francisco bay area
and when i what i want to be when i grow
up i knew i wanted to work in the
silicon valley because
growing up that's all you read about uh
i figured i'd
be in sales which is how i started my
career and nearly everyone in my family
is in sales
and then decided i wanted to get into
kind of the nerdy side of sales so
that's the sales op side like how do you
optimize
make things better so i kind of ended up
in a roundabout way where i thought i
was going to be but
it's fun nonetheless so that's awesome
uh and ellen what about you from key
factor
hey everybody ellen kinley i'm the chief
transformation officer at key factor
we're a cyber security company centered
on device identity and cryptography so
whether virtual or on-site we're focused
on keeping your devices secured across
your organization
and so i'm similar to brooke i like the
nerdy math side my background is in
operations
uh but when growing up i wanted to be a
meteorologist
i loved weather and i still do but i
wasn't great at the
part of science that got a little bit
squeamish so i
pivoted and ended up in operations
that's awesome hopefully you're
forecasting is better than the
meteorologist
i think it is like the the only job
where you can be wrong every day and not
lose your job
well awesome thank you uh um so we got
an awesome
um session coming up here and
one thing we wanted to do first is recap
back to 2020
right so before we talk about what these
three leaders have to share in terms of
how to turbo charge uh for next year
i wanted to give you a big recap and we
pulled some data from mckinsey
from iconic from the alexander group and
here's what we're seeing right and i
think everybody
this resonates with basically everybody
so um
as we know covet hit globally right sort
of the first global event to impact
basically every theater versus sometimes
we have events that impact
uh europe the us latin america apac etc
um everything's basically shifted to
digital right the majority have shifted
to digital
there has been an ability to do some
selling recently um
but that seems to be changing now given
that covet's spiking again
um and when we poll people even within
our portfolio but based on the data that
we're collecting
not everybody feels that the digital
model or selling remote
is necessarily as effective
as sort of being in front of customers
right but we've seen
a lot of more focus on enablement on
training on technology
to really enable people and let them
know how to sell more effectively and i
think also prospects and customers
are getting used in adjusting to having
uh sales reps uh
to reach out them a different way the
impact though has been very different
right and so
you're gonna hear from obviously three
leaders here within very different
businesses and i'm sure everybody else
that's listening in
comes from different verticals etc you
can see here that um
you know when q2 when cohen first hit uh
the direct-to-consumer
um and the e-commerce sector really
wasn't hit that hard
why because everybody was at home uh
digital sales sort of spiked
to the roof if you were you were
purchasing online right versus other
sectors more front office solutions when
companies are thinking do i really need
to spend money on this now
i don't know how this is going to impact
me saw less growth
in q2 right so there's really a pretty
wide distribution in terms of what we're
seeing in terms of the verticals that
are doing well
and that are not doing well and one
interesting fact uh the last point here
is
the majority of companies about 80
across um
you know what what the alexander group
saw here was there was a
change to compensation plans to quotas
right obviously as reps are not able to
perform
um or aren't getting their number
they're not able to make money
right and so as we know sales reps is
very important to keep them motivated so
whether you've reduced quotas adjusted
quotas
uh reset quotas and gave different
targets or just adjusted your
compensation plan
uh the majority of companies did do
something specific to the inside
portfolio so we have 220 companies i
think we saw about 60
of our companies actually take action uh
again because some verticals are doing
well
some verticals are not and regardless
whether you're in a company that
actually did
very well or or not in 2020
we all experienced change right whether
it was good change or bad change
and so really what we want to share
today is as you think about 2021
what are some of those things that you
can do to make sure that you hit the
ground running that you can
get your sales engine going and so while
these aren't
the panacea to everybody's ills i think
you'll hear from
three different companies with different
go to market models and very experienced
leaders
have some awesome ideas on on how you
can scale that
so let's go to topic number one um very
interesting here
since we were just talking about
verticals that can do well or not right
one of the things the team came back
with here is
how to pinpoint high growth verticals um
so gee let's start with you and talk
about what you guys are doing at content
stack
yeah for sure um so this is i mean for
us really about the account
prioritization right this year's things
have changed and prior to covet we all
knew which verticals perform well
we aligned our accounts territories go
to markets to those trends right and
then
things change almost overnight right so
we had to pivot
we had to redo some of the territory
planning kind of uh
midstream and uh as soon as we did that
things kind of changed again
and we saw that some of the accounts and
verticals have started to come back and
some recovery we had saw some new
verticals that
emerged and so on so what i really
learned this year is
just to be more agile and more observant
of this process
especially as we're preparing into the
next fiscal year
um i'm not only relying kind of past
data even
the data from you know last summer i'm
i'm looking at the now i'm looking at
what are the trends now what is going on
now and establishing that as a starting
point
frankly all along in back of my mind i
am preparing for another change and
luckily i think the other thing i
learned this year is
to make that change um and make it
quickly
with the team and and that's what i'll
be preparing them for for next year as
well
that's awesome where um where are you
getting data from to tell you
which verticals are doing well or where
to focus and not to focus
so a lot of it is from our own data we
use also demand base and and kind of
track the surges we
stack target as well um and like i said
we um i kind of following what's
happening in our pipeline honestly
and seeing kind of what's what's um what
is surging there and and
uh relying on that information too
awesome
uh ellen what about you all at key
factor yeah so i think g said it best
it's really all about um putting time
and effort into
rethinking your target account
identification that prioritization
your traditional ideal customer profile
might look a little different now
so you want to apply a combination of
like the firmographic
objective data points like you know even
mapping to stock tickers in your sales
force little tricks like that
um you want to look at that firmographic
but also subjective feedback based on
your sales intelligence
experienced by industry that your sales
team is having i always like to look at
when you look at verticals it's really
about two questions so
what is the likelihood that they're
going to buy a solution like mine and
what is their spend potential for a
solution like mine
so if you're pinpointing the correct
verticals that can play and answer well
to both of those questions
you're pointing your sales team in the
right direction
that's awesome uh question that might
come up
um how do you reallocate your resources
to a specific vertical right so vertical
x isn't doing well and you're realizing
that vertical y
is doing phenomenal um do i need to go
hire new people do i just train them
real quickly do i align with marketing
on like playbooks like
how do you all think about that
so i can i can take it from from my
perspective which is
um we i don't have actually yet kind of
specialized vertical
team so it's been a little bit easier i
think to go across team but it certainly
does take the realignment with marketing
it does take looking at the messaging
and seeing
especially for the new emerging um that
we have seen
like in education online education right
entertainment and so on aligning that
quickly with marketing has been key
got it awesome cool all right let's go
to the second question
um this one was around focus prospects
on compelling events
right obviously um the environment that
we're in
we know has slowed deals down right we
know time kills all deals but luckily
because of what's going on
deals seem to be pushing out but not
necessarily dying right so
how do you all think about getting me to
buy or think about like i should do this
now versus waiting later
when there's so much uncertainty in the
market and obviously that's improved
right over the summer in the fall but
now as we go into
the winter months how do you think about
that uh brooke let's start with you
yeah so um checkout is so we are a
payment
processor um we help companies or we
facilitate taking payments online
and so for us um covet had a it was a
double-edged sword for us there were
merchants
such as travel uh the travel industry
that
obviously had a massive decline in um
the amount of payments they were taking
online and then we saw a huge
uptick in other industries such as um
fintech
entertainment like the likes of netflix
type of companies
as well as um gaming if everyone's
probably read the gaming has done uh
had a huge increase this year so um we
had to do a quick pivot as far as what
were the industries that we were going
to focus on
and um as other companies were slowing
down in the summer months
checkout was really continuing to go
full steam ahead
um so for us it was there was no taking
our foot off
the pedal this year uh we went into
march or april where
um you know we weren't accelerating
hiring but for those everyone that we
had
on board at checkout it was it was a
full steam ahead
there was no uh the slow days are taking
the day
ending the day at four there's a lot of
um there's a huge opportunity for us to
you know capture a growing market and
there were some competitors of ours that
either were
you know shut down for regulatory
reasons or such that we really wanted to
take advantage of um capturing that
market share so
we now you know singles day uh has
passed and black friday has passed we're
in a very slow period for our
business but um the for us earlier in
the year has been
we we were going like gangbusters just
because we needed to capture the
momentum that was being driven by coven
that's awesome alan what about you all
yeah in 2020 we saw more than ever deals
losing to
the reason of no decision or no change
and what that means essentially is that
the addressable market gets a little bit
smaller because companies are being
conservative with their cash as they
should be
but if your offering isn't identified as
business critical
there's a mindset with your prospect
that it can wait um and you can spend
all the time in the world trying to
convince them that
you are business critical in a lot of
cases it's just out of your control
so what is in your control is where you
spend your time and so we kind of
focused uh q1 q2 time frame
on those prospects that had compelling
events so reasons why they had to make a
change we knew that there was not going
to be a no decision
they're competitive deals so when you
have you know 10 12 hours you know for
the mark
uh people that like to work really late
at night uh working hours in a day
you know you've got to make the best use
of that time so
when you're tied to a corporate
objective like a digital transformation
maybe a cloud first initiative
maybe they're coming out with a new
product line whatever it is if there's a
corporate objective with a timeline you
need to be sure that you win that deal
so that's kind of was our mentality it's
like the ones that are going to make a
change we better win that deal
and we better use all our resources you
know maybe our executive relationships
even our board relationships in some
cases
whatever it takes we wanted to give them
the most cross-functional attention that
we could
no it's awesome how do you ensure that a
rep doesn't you know they hear from the
customer like yeah i really want this
but just come back to me in six months
when i've got some more certainty right
like right now budgets are locked
how do you keep that customer warm and
not just go yeah i'm gonna get this deal
just like
and forget the typical you know
nurturing that you would do
because you feel confident then the
competitor comes in like like what are
you all telling your reps to do
well you want to have scheduled check-in
points and then those are the ones where
you want to have like a nice
cross-functional process where you've
got marketing involved you got sdrs
involved also there's
no harm in reaching out to somebody
above that person there's no harm in
reaching out to multiple people at the
company so
uh definitely have those check-in points
but also be talking to everybody uh
everybody else that could be in the
sphere of influence
cool all right let's go to the third
topic
um
whoops make it easier for customers to
grow
with you right so obviously um
a lot of a lot of potential for making
the customer journey very complex
right with or without covid um with
covet in the mix
and uh you know everybody being remote
there's a whole
extra layer of how do i make it as
simple as possible for you to do
business with me right because
i'm more likely i'm virtual i'm not
going to get to see you demos are
different
a lot of different elements there g
would love your thoughts on this in
terms of what did content stack do to
help
the customer buyer journey here yeah i
mean
certainly you know when covet hit i've
i've kind of seen our market and
by that i mean software software market
software business really
responding rather quickly with kind of
discounting
uh measures free offerings and getting
creative there and
personally i'm actually not a fan of
either because it's
very hard to recover from those but the
reality is is that our you know
customers and prospects right their
financial outcomes
have changed unpredictably um i have
seen more rigor
around considerations for new
investments um
and i'm personally always looking to
speed things up to speed the process
so what we did is um recently
actually kind of with the plan of going
into the next fiscal year
um we really decided to lower that
barrier to entry
by you know a packaging kind of what we
call a start
tier um and really with the intent to
making it easy to start
for our customers um make also looking
to remove a lot of red tape
that goes on especially with large
decisions and
of course the product you know needs to
be pretty sticky for this to work and
um and you know churn should be
manageable
but for us by doing this what we've
really started to see
is that customers are making decisions
faster
um they are signing on now versus later
or
never and you mentioned red time is
never on our side
um and paper process we were able to get
it
actually simpler faster because frankly
for the lower
you know kind of tiers um we're not you
know
entertaining a lot of back and forth and
so on so it has been
showing really good results so far um
and so we're planning to continue that
into the next year
awesome brooke what about uh you all at
checkout
yeah so we've uh actually embarked on a
project this year where we're focusing
on
what do we want the merchant experience
to be in five years from now and then
working backwards from that so we've
done a bit of
vision boarding of like what would what
would an experience look like where a
merchant
can reach out to check out be onboarded
that sort of thing and we've been
working backwards from there and then
kind of chunking out okay so what would
it look like in fy 21 for us to improve
that merchant experience and a lot of
what we're focused on
is as the volumes of merchants are
increasing that we're on boarding
investing in systems and process to make
it an incredibly
frictionless experience for our
merchants so for us it's
getting a merchant approved making sure
that they meet all of the compliance
requirements
um making sure that they meet all of the
scheme requirements
and how do we do that in a way where
it's you know a couple clicks
they can fill out a form we can get them
approved very quickly get them up and
running and processing quickly
so we have a lot of kpis around this
that we're focused on
um where we have slas for different
departments kpis that we're built
we're working towards so for us it's you
know what would it look like if we were
to 10x the volume on something and we're
stress testing
every function of the um the company
which is if we were to 10x
excuse me excuse me 10x the way we're
doing things today
would it continue to work and you know
when we identify that's not going to
work all right
let's get moving we got to fix it so
right yeah so follow up for both of you
so
i'm you know i'm running sales somewhere
and
um i'm thinking this sounds great
how do i how do i know if my customers
you know like are you guys collecting
information via csat
nps did you do customer journey mapping
to understand where those pain points
are or
um like what like what like what should
i be doing to figure out
uh is the customer journey not as
optimal as it should be and how do i
you know simplify it
yeah so i've been looking at it from a
touch points perspective so how many
different touch points does a merchant
have to go through with checkout
whether it's be an online application or
via email
offline that sort of thing how many
total touch points is it
and how do we get this down to
essentially you know single digit
numbers
as frictionless as possible uh we do
want to roll out
we don't do um a continual nps but it's
something
definitely on the roadmap for next year
it's it's more
as often as um we're all consumers of
purchasing things online and so now
we're in the inverse relationship where
people are trying to sign up with check
out online you know how do you optimize
that
journey and some of it's just you know
how does it feel
when we're in consumers and making sure
it's the same for our merchants which is
a good experience
got it and then gee another follow-up
for you um
because you mentioned discounting before
so
a lot of prospects might be you know
they have leverage
right you want me to buy now give me an
extra five points ten points a discount
at what point do you not make this sale
right because you want to ensure your
product is perceived to have
value or does it depend and sometimes
what a dollar is better than no dollar
at all right like what are your thoughts
there
yes so i mean i'm i am a firm believer
of
really being comfortable to walk away um
from deals
i think that it does come back to you
know from the very very beginning right
how you got to that conversation to
begin with right if you haven't had an
opportunity or you haven't done a good
job in really demonstrating the value
then
that's going to be a very real
conversation and very real opportunity
for a customer for us
we really do focus a lot on that
customer journey we're a little bit
different not so much about you know
signing up and using but just
the interaction with customers from the
beginning so when we do get to that you
know point of negotiation um
the value the value is there and that's
really what i stress
with our team um and like i said before
discounts i think are very tough to
recover
and you're trying to renew um you know
contracts and pretty much no matter what
you said in the in the language if
there was discount before people would
want it again so i actually
look to get more creative um so that it
benefits both sides i said upfront
um we actually haven't been doing a lot
of discount um we're also in a digital
space
powering you know digital experiences so
that has helped us right um we'd call it
kind of being the right place right time
um but i have you know done things more
like three months
versus a discount so i'm really for me
i'm
i'm personally um really uh
focused on keeping the you know keeping
our pricing
where it is and keeping it stable and so
on and but also being creative right
um because there are times you need to
be creative yeah no i think you said it
earlier like it sets
it it'll set really bad precedent right
if you start to discount excessively and
then we come out of this and you
the market's like oh no i thought it was
70 cents off the dollar because that's
what you've been offering right versus
like i like i like sticking to your guns
right like this is the value this is the
product that i have for you
and i'm willing to walk away it's funny
sometimes when you walk away
from a prospect they'll still buy
because then they realize okay this is
like real
right it's not i'm not getting
discounted heavily so
um awesome let's go to number four um
you know and at insight um the majority
of our companies have some sort of
channel model right they're leveraging
channel partners to help them sell
um and this is another you know lever
that that companies have to to reach the
market to get broader lift here so
uh ellen would love your thoughts here
in terms of how do you strengthen that
existing partnership or
when should you think about hey should i
be leveraging channel partners to uh to
help me sell
oh yeah a key factor uh most of our
customers are
large companies they're in the fortune
2000 and so for us the channel strategy
is hugely important
and just in general even if at smaller
companies you know your
channel partners are the ones who have
the ear to the ground at your most
strategic accounts so
they're the ones that are going to know
who's going on budget cuts freezes what
the corporate objectives are for 2021
how your offering might map to it so i
think now is really the time to get
tighter with partners on a granular
level not just like i have a channel
team and we have paperwork in place and
they're going to give us deal
registrations
you want your sales reps to be talking
to the channel sales reps you want them
to go through
account mapping exercises here's my most
strategic accounts who do you know
what's the org chart look like there
what are their objectives
how can we work together you really want
those teams to have relationships
and when you think about like ways that
partners bring value to your deals
you've really got to sell that to your
team too because sometimes a channel
margin is coming off their quota or
coming out of their
their paycheck so you got to make sure
that your team believes that a partner
is bringing value and
the way we think they bring value is you
know through
people more relationships through deals
like
you know net new deals and through
paperwork maybe they're going to help
you through procurement
so you've got to make sure that your
sales team really
understands the value that the partner's
going to bring and they they want to
engage partners proactively
awesome thanks gee back to you
yes um so i think ellen said it really
well and for
us um this is actually the area where i
invested a lot
probably the most this year um given
what we do um
that we're content system we have on one
side the service partners that are
typically implementing
um you know web or mobile or you know
other applications using our products
but we also we're an api first kind of
microservices approach um to the
architecture so by default we are meant
to integrate with a lot of other
surrounding kind of market
technologies so i also have a tech
partners so i have a service and a tech
partners
on both sides um and they're equally
important and frankly i think you know
now and this year and and beyond more
than ever
um we really need to kind of bond
together uh
and to amplify right outreach and um
because i think we're still going to
continue to you know deal with
uncertainty and fluctuation
um and what i have actually found
you know really hard kind of uh overall
in
um monetizing on these relationships and
making sure that as ellen said they're
not just a database of
contacts and really on both sides is
really
um mapping and kind of knowing where in
the field connections should be made
and typically this has been done with a
very manual process of spreadsheets and
meetings and
um you know let's look at our accounts
you know doing account mapping but
frankly
the moment that you you know download
the you know something from your crm
it's already outdated
so one thing that we did differently
this year is we started using crossbeam
and there are probably other a lot of
other technologies like it
um that actually connects our crm to our
partner crm and really
it's looking for matches of accounts and
reps so it doesn't really expose any
other data i would never advocate
exposing your crm data to anybody else
but it really just focuses on the
account name and
rep which i think is is pretty um
it's okay at least by me and what we
have seen
with this is i really have seen enormous
engagement so my engagement has almost
doubled um
in the field with my direct reps and
partners
and that has certainly almost doubled
the pipeline as a result
and not only kind of looking to amplify
you know
our reach through partners but i was
looking to actually
you know amplify my reach internally and
use more of my
you know direct field um team um
with partners instead of just relying on
on the partner team
to you know to get those um that the
broader you know broader
um outreach and pipeline and revenue
from that
cool yeah a quick comment on the on the
panel list i think not everybody can see
that uh code.cell
cocele.io is another one uh that people
can look at to connect
the partner ecosystem yeah and just to
thread the needle there i know
before we talked about verticals right
so if you're leveraging a channel i
think it's also a great way if you've
got great relationships with
whether it's the vars or size sps
they can give you insights into where
they're seeing slow down or pick up
right because they're touching
a lot of different things so having that
unified strategy i think is uh
is very helpful um awesome thank you and
our last point um
obviously with everybody being remote
predominantly
uh driving productivity in the field is
like monumental and important right and
i'm sure there's
hundreds if not thousands of tools that
everybody's using to
to improve your go to market tech stack
whether it's for internal purposes
external etc but
yeah i would love your thoughts on
anything specifically that you've been
doing to either optimize
process or invest in technology to make
it easier
uh for your for your for your teams to
to sell
uh brooke let's let's see what's going
on check out
yeah so we um this year is we we've had
a
theme in the sales ops team which is
first it's um
transparency accountability and then
scale scalability
so we've been focusing on phage phase
one which is transparency which is
get a clean salesforce org where we can
run a report at any given day
and know what's going on with who are
merchants um
who are existing customers you know
what's in our pipeline what's expected
to go live that week
and so a lot of it has been around using
tools like dmb
to enrich accounts deduping um we use
ringlead for deduping records
using traction to be able to help us
automatically link the hierarchies of
our accounts
so for us this year's really been about
like transparency what's going on
uh and then as we're scaling we've we've
been in the second half of the year
built a queue for sales to be able to
submit requests to sales
to the sales ops team deal desk so we're
using salesforce to be able to
track that and now we're reporting to
the business our
sla you know are we meeting our slas
this is how many cases we've opened and
close our response time
and then as we're looking to kind of 2x
the org in the next year
um again really insane growth that keeps
sales up
leaders up late at night uh some of the
things
next year are like a clm tool which will
greatly improve the merchant experience
um a comp tool because we're going to
onboard
another 100 or so people in the sales
org you know in a short period of time
and
um and then the third area is around is
merchant enablement
so how do we focus how do we get our
merchants
um trained on our product in a way where
it's self-serve
they have the content they need when
they need it you know small
courses that the merchant can um take
and eventually with the goal of you know
having a certification on checkout
um so i'm happy i don't know if you want
me to dive into which vendors we're
looking at or something that's cool
yeah that's helpful ellen what about you
at uh key factor
uh i mean i think the tech stack is
always last what i mean by that is uh it
should always support your processes
and uh it shouldn't define your process
or even worse your strategy
it's gotta really support it so if
there's been any kind of change in
process
uh your tech stack needs to be revamped
to support it you should be very
intentional about the way you're setting
it up and
um you know for example like mark is
talking about let's say that you
didn't used to have a daily stand-up
with the sales team because you were all
there and communicating well now you do
you want to make sure that your tech
stack is supporting the data for a
report that you want to pull up
in that and really drive conversation
about the behaviors that's going on
so i mean really you just got to make
sure that the tech stack
is click by click makes sense for the
teams that are doing their day-to-day
job
um and you know that's something that is
not covered related right like we should
always be doing that
uh but it the you know post-pandemic
world
offers a new opportunity to kind of take
a fresh look at the tech stock
awesome and gee what's up with you what
what are you looking at for your
sales team um
you know what i have kind of seen this
year and this continues to kind of
repeatedly kind of come back and at me
and and
i am probably to blame as well it's
um a bit of lack of human
component you know in in all of it we
were on zoom all day long we got really
good at running meetings getting
um but what i mean by human component um
i'm finding that um you know training is
very different
because some you know in the in the
physical world you
you know you'll do the training you'll
do all of that we have lms so that
certainly helps um
the process but i'm finding all of those
like little moments in the office etc
where you can just ask somebody and you
just you know you get the answer and
move on
don't really happen so what we had to do
is just
i somebody recently told me you have to
tell people seven times in order to
remember
so i've kind of been living by that i'm
really remembering so
it's just being more mindful of that
actually and so we've changed how we do
training and kind of repetition
and through different through different
kind of touch points for the reps
um so that's been one thing the other
thing has been also kind of
communicating the process like how do
you
know that somebody that's remote that
you kind of you know
can't really um see every day how do you
know that they're
getting you know and that that you are
you know communicating process enough so
we've implemented
um close plan i think is uh in
salesforce and they just
help us actually organize our sales
process so that
now i do know that across the team the
customer experience is saying the
process same and we can track that
and frankly i've just looked to simplify
so we have
in the past kind of been you know
victims of like let's just start this
spreadsheet
and that spreadsheet and you know we're
gonna um
track all of these things in different
places and i really have kind of started
bringing everything into crm
um for us and just all the processes and
kind of streamlining them for reps just
so that they can
um really focus on the other um you know
other things and
and selling and not be you know kind of
confused about so
yes it has i've i'm constantly being
reminded as to how much of those little
things
um of just you know being in the office
and you know having a side conversation
on how much they matter when you're
trying to communicate
now absolutely i think we're all missing
that the hallway conversations
the uh the dinner or lunch with
teammates
the drink the discussions that happen or
even at the airport if you're traveling
right like
yeah that inner connectivity is very
important so
by the way this has been awesome i think
you guys have provided a lot of great
insights just just to recap
for those of you that are listening in
right so if there's anything you can
take away from this and again we're not
uh saying that these are the only things
you should do but definitely five key
things right so
again as you think about next uh next
fiscal year
definitely make sure you're you're
targeting verticals
or putting the right focus on where the
growth is coming right obviously some
are slowing down more than others and
some are growing more
um two focus on prospects with
compelling events so
back to why should i buy now right
third make sure the customer journey is
easy for the person right you're not
making it overly cumbersome for me not
to want to buy
uh and number four and i think we'll
talk about this in a little bit more
right here with the with the q and a
because there's some questions coming in
on channels
uh if you're leveraging channels uh make
sure you strengthen that partnership and
if you're not
start to assess whether you should right
to give you broader reach
uh and ultimately number five uh
leverage your tech stack whether you
have a strong tech stack now or you're
revitalizing it
huge opportunity to improve the
productivity of your
of your commercial teams with that um
hey well thank you all very much i know
we're at time it's been an awesome
session
thank you to uh g ellen and brooke
for all of your insights and hopefully
everybody can leverage our five key
points here
as you think about 2021. uh it is q4 for
those of you on uh the calendar fiscal
so
hopefully have an awesome uh close to
december uh and
end 2020 with a bang and uh best of luck
to everybody in 2021 thank you very much
you